README.md, before:

# TunedIn

[Heroku link][heroku]

[heroku]: http://www.herokuapp.com

##Plan for the week
Monday:  Searchbar, seed database, logging out, sign up page
Tuesday: Add connections, working notifications UI
Wednesday: ConnectionsPage, HomePage (Posts?)
Thursday: Styling...
Friday:

## Minimum Viable Product

TunedIn is a web application inspired by LinkedIn that will be developed using
Ruby on Rails and React.js. By the end of Week 9, this app will, at a minimum,
satisfy the following criteria:

- [ ] New account creation, login, and guest/demo login
- [ ] Smooth, bug-free navigation
- [ ] Adequate seed data to demonstrate the site's features
- [ ] The minimally necessary features for a LinkedIn-inspired site: create and edit profile, create edit and delete posts, comment on posts, add connections, have a home page filled with posts from connections
- [ ] Hosting on Heroku
- [ ] CSS styling that is satisfactorily visually appealing
- [ ] A production README, replacing this README

## Product Goals and Priorities

TunedIn will allow users to do the following:

<!-- This is a Markdown checklist. Use it to keep track of your
progress. Put an x between the brackets for a checkmark: [x] -->

- [ ] Create an account (MVP)
- [ ] Log in / Log out, including as a Guest/Demo User (MVP)
- [ ] Create, read, edit, and delete Profile objects (MVP)
- [ ] Create, read, edit, and delete posts (MVP)
- [ ] Create, read, edit, and delete comments (MVP)
- [ ] Add friends / connections (MVP)
- [ ] Add skills, allows skills to be endorsde by connections (additional feature)
- [ ] Show job postings users can apply to (additional feature)
- [ ] Messaging between connections (additional feature)
- [ ] Complex styling to features

## Design Docs
* [View Wireframes][views]
* [React Components][components]
* [Flux Cycles][flux-cycles]
* [API endpoints][api-endpoints]
* [DB schema][schema]

[views]: ./docs/views.md
[components]: ./docs/components.md
[flux-cycles]: ./docs/flux-cycles.md
[api-endpoints]: ./docs/api-endpoints.md
[schema]: ./docs/schema.md

## Implementation Timeline

### Phase 1: Backend setup and User Authentication (0.5 days)

**Objective:** Functioning rails project with authentication

- [ ] create new project
- [ ] create `User` model
- [ ] authentication
- [ ] user signup/signin pages
- [ ] blank landing page after signin

### Phase 2: User Profile (1.5 days)

**Objective:** Profile can be edited, expanded through the API.

- [ ] create Profile model
- [ ] add profile picture, name, location, experience, skills, etc.
- [ ] owner may create edit and destroy, others may view
- [ ] owner may upload documents (CV, cover letter, awards, etc.)
- [ ] seed database with test data


### Phase 3: Flux Architecture and Router (1.5 days)

**Objective:** Profile can be edited and expanded, destroyed through the user interface

- [ ] setup the flux loop with skeleton files
- [ ] setup React Router
- implement each profile component.
  - [ ] `Profile Picture`
  - [ ] `Main Information (name, work, location)`
  - [ ] `Experience`
  - [ ] `Education`
  - [ ] `Skills`
- [ ] save profile form to the DB when form loses focus or if left idle after editing.

### Phase 4: Start Styling (0.5 days)

**Objective:** Existing pages (including singup/signin) will look good.

- [ ] create a basic style guide
- [ ] position elements on the page
- [ ] add basic colors & styles

### Phase 5:Posts and Homepage (1 day)

**Objective:** Allow users to create posts that will display on Home page.

- [ ] create Post model
- [ ] Post CRUD
- [ ] Build home page
- [ ] viewing posts on home page
- Use CSS to style new views


### Phase 6: Comments (1 day)

**Objective:** Allow users to make comments on posts.

- [ ] create Comment model
- [ ] create comment component
- [ ] allow author to edit / delete comments
- [ ] Style new elements

### Phase 7: Connections (2 days)

**objective:** Enable users to add connections.

- [ ] user can request a connection
- [ ] other will accept or decline
- [ ] connected users may message each other
- [ ] Homepage will show posts of connections

### Phase 8: Navbar setup and SearchBar (1.5 days)

**objective:** Create interactive navbar.

- [ ] user search for other users
- [ ] will show notifications drowdown
- [ ] will show account & settings dropdown

### Phase 9: Styling Cleanup and Seeding (1 day)

**objective:** Make the site feel more cohesive and awesome.

- [ ] Get feedback on my UI from others
- [ ] Refactor HTML classes & CSS rules
- [ ] Add modals, transitions, and other styling flourishes.

### Bonus Features (TBD)
- [ ] Skills, connections can make endorsements
- [ ] Job posts
- [ ] Infinite scroll for homepage
- [ ] 2nd, 3rd degree connections
- [ ] Advertisements

[phase-one]: ./docs/phases/phase1.md
[phase-two]: ./docs/phases/phase2.md
[phase-three]: ./docs/phases/phase3.md
[phase-four]: ./docs/phases/phase4.md
[phase-five]: ./docs/phases/phase5.md

Commit message:

fixed upload image bug, better seeds

README.md, after:

# TunedIn

[Heroku link][heroku]

[heroku]: http://www.herokuapp.com

##Plan for the week
Style Login and errors
Style notifications
Style connections
Style modals

Get logo and pictures on to heroku

Get search button to work

Get upload pictures working
Make seeds more complete

Style search
posts?


## Minimum Viable Product

TunedIn is a web application inspired by LinkedIn that will be developed using
Ruby on Rails and React.js. By the end of Week 9, this app will, at a minimum,
satisfy the following criteria:

- [ ] New account creation, login, and guest/demo login
- [ ] Smooth, bug-free navigation
- [ ] Adequate seed data to demonstrate the site's features
- [ ] The minimally necessary features for a LinkedIn-inspired site: create and edit profile, create edit and delete posts, comment on posts, add connections, have a home page filled with posts from connections
- [ ] Hosting on Heroku
- [ ] CSS styling that is satisfactorily visually appealing
- [ ] A production README, replacing this README

## Product Goals and Priorities

TunedIn will allow users to do the following:

<!-- This is a Markdown checklist. Use it to keep track of your
progress. Put an x between the brackets for a checkmark: [x] -->

- [ ] Create an account (MVP)
- [ ] Log in / Log out, including as a Guest/Demo User (MVP)
- [ ] Create, read, edit, and delete Profile objects (MVP)
- [ ] Create, read, edit, and delete posts (MVP)
- [ ] Create, read, edit, and delete comments (MVP)
- [ ] Add friends / connections (MVP)
- [ ] Add skills, allows skills to be endorsde by connections (additional feature)
- [ ] Show job postings users can apply to (additional feature)
- [ ] Messaging between connections (additional feature)
- [ ] Complex styling to features

## Design Docs
* [View Wireframes][views]
* [React Components][components]
* [Flux Cycles][flux-cycles]
* [API endpoints][api-endpoints]
* [DB schema][schema]

[views]: ./docs/views.md
[components]: ./docs/components.md
[flux-cycles]: ./docs/flux-cycles.md
[api-endpoints]: ./docs/api-endpoints.md
[schema]: ./docs/schema.md

## Implementation Timeline

### Phase 1: Backend setup and User Authentication (0.5 days)

**Objective:** Functioning rails project with authentication

- [ ] create new project
- [ ] create `User` model
- [ ] authentication
- [ ] user signup/signin pages
- [ ] blank landing page after signin

### Phase 2: User Profile (1.5 days)

**Objective:** Profile can be edited, expanded through the API.

- [ ] create Profile model
- [ ] add profile picture, name, location, experience, skills, etc.
- [ ] owner may create edit and destroy, others may view
- [ ] owner may upload documents (CV, cover letter, awards, etc.)
- [ ] seed database with test data


### Phase 3: Flux Architecture and Router (1.5 days)

**Objective:** Profile can be edited and expanded, destroyed through the user interface

- [ ] setup the flux loop with skeleton files
- [ ] setup React Router
- implement each profile component.
  - [ ] `Profile Picture`
  - [ ] `Main Information (name, work, location)`
  - [ ] `Experience`
  - [ ] `Education`
  - [ ] `Skills`
- [ ] save profile form to the DB when form loses focus or if left idle after editing.

### Phase 4: Start Styling (0.5 days)

**Objective:** Existing pages (including singup/signin) will look good.

- [ ] create a basic style guide
- [ ] position elements on the page
- [ ] add basic colors & styles

### Phase 5:Posts and Homepage (1 day)

**Objective:** Allow users to create posts that will display on Home page.

- [ ] create Post model
- [ ] Post CRUD
- [ ] Build home page
- [ ] viewing posts on home page
- Use CSS to style new views


### Phase 6: Comments (1 day)

**Objective:** Allow users to make comments on posts.

- [ ] create Comment model
- [ ] create comment component
- [ ] allow author to edit / delete comments
- [ ] Style new elements

### Phase 7: Connections (2 days)

**objective:** Enable users to add connections.

- [ ] user can request a connection
- [ ] other will accept or decline
- [ ] connected users may message each other
- [ ] Homepage will show posts of connections

### Phase 8: Navbar setup and SearchBar (1.5 days)

**objective:** Create interactive navbar.

- [ ] user search for other users
- [ ] will show notifications drowdown
- [ ] will show account & settings dropdown

### Phase 9: Styling Cleanup and Seeding (1 day)

**objective:** Make the site feel more cohesive and awesome.

- [ ] Get feedback on my UI from others
- [ ] Refactor HTML classes & CSS rules
- [ ] Add modals, transitions, and other styling flourishes.

### Bonus Features (TBD)
- [ ] Skills, connections can make endorsements
- [ ] Job posts
- [ ] Infinite scroll for homepage
- [ ] 2nd, 3rd degree connections
- [ ] Advertisements

[phase-one]: ./docs/phases/phase1.md
[phase-two]: ./docs/phases/phase2.md
[phase-three]: ./docs/phases/phase3.md
[phase-four]: ./docs/phases/phase4.md
[phase-five]: ./docs/phases/phase5.md
